samples: cellular: nrf_cloud_multi_service: add 9161 files (#13570)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service` sample:

  * Added:
    * A generic processing example for application-specific shadow data.

>     * Configuration and overlay files to enable MCUboot to use the external flash on the nRF1961DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Configuration and overlay files to enable MCUboot to use the external flash on the nRF1961 DK.
```
